Today is celebrated in Russia
culture workers them like the rest
citizens this morning waited unpleasant
surprise in the night in the quays
unknown persons painted a monument
gabdully tukaya that in the 16th complexes
new city and a statue of black and white
paint brought out the inverted cross and
pentagrams and also written in Tatar
words evil besides the monument lost and
individual items details in
next story
the night before according to local
the inhabitants of the monument tukay gabdulla was clean
but already this morning it appeared
white inverted crosses pentagram and
star of David
locals call it nothing but
vandalism given every mile of land or
how can you call them before
drew you no never today
look white painted black without fence
her angus youth is written evil
which means he is wicked than 26 years
my world, yes, I already have February
birth brought me serves
unknown also stole a book which
year lettuce held in his hand besides
the very top drawn characters
vaguely allah
written in Arabic script
as for the numbers displayed on the left
hand monument in social networks
a huge number of groups with such
name they call themselves sects this
elite circles
video that is usually in them
posted contains murder scenes and
violence
famous Tatar writer Vogel
Safin is sure that they are considering
this trick as a manifestation
extremism is not worth it according to it
probably made simple hooligans
different people are probably i'm not saying that
it was some kind of action against something
probably some kind of bully want something
will approve with such actions
memory which he fights I don’t know the sole and
people only by two o'clock
the monument was laundered on site worked
law enforcement officers
these actions are unknown fall under
an article about vandalism according to her
attackers face fines of up to 40 thousand
rubles if this act
qualifies as perfect by
motivated by religious hatred that
criminals waiting for up to three years of deprivation
of freedom
Kirill Count Dmitry Kravchenko
test channel 5